i'm in my early 20s. we have three daughters
what is your opinion about the recent protests against censorship?
yes, you are correct
are there any types of food in mexican cuisine?
i'm not sure if that word means what you think it means.
zebra?
yes you would
i just like to be around them. they're my friends and family after all.
my wife
no, i don't leave my keys out in that case. what do you like to do for fun?
what is the curse word?
no, not really. i try to be nice to everyone and they can forgive me if that's what they want or need.
what's your favorite color? mine is blue. my grandmother and paparasu are the best karate contestants in history.
yes please.
goya is a clothing brand.
even if there is no evidence or proof, what evidence does that have?
i don't know what that has to do with shower smelly people.
i love muffins! i have one my little boy owen. he's my best friend.
tell me about it
what do you like on your steak? is it good or bad?
no, i can't. what do you do for fun? do they pay well?
thank you. what do you think of trump?
do you have any recommendations?
what type of animals can be abused?
i love my dog too! what kind of dog do you have? is he a golden retriever or labrador retriever?
okay.
oh no! i'm sorry to hear that. did you report it to hr? do you talk to your supervisor about it?
no, i love rednecks. what is your favorite food? i eat a lot of enchiladas and dip my horse in them!
i try to maintain character. what about you? do you have any hobbies?
oh, i see. well, that's not very nice at all. what kind of work do you have to do there?
i love pickles! they're my favorite savory food. do you like them?
no, not really. i am smart and confident and i have contacts which help a lot with that too.
what do you mean?
interesting, do you have any evidence for that?
i'm not sure about that. if someone offers me skydiving, i would love to skydive in iceland!
hey, drugs are bad! i don't smoke them, but it's hard to get rid of when they cause you pain.
i work at amazon
how old are you?
i like to collect books, some are about collecting dust
that's a tough one. i disagree with everything about how they treated indigenous people, but it's hard for me to say what is or isn't important anymore.
what is your favorite band of all time? mine is the beastie boys.
what is your favorite toy?
what do you think about the policies that have been passed against it?
what is your favorite game of all time?
oh my gosh, i didn't mean to offend you. are you serious? why do people get so mad at me?
i guess so.
sure, what would you like to discuss? do you have pets? i have four cats.
what genre of shows do you like to watch?
i love to cook.
i love swimming!
