i love to play blackjack, read, play videogames, and travel to the bahamas
documentaries are fun. it seems they are getting a lot more popular in the west these days.
i think i like street foods3 because it doesn't have a lot of fixation and the guests have less of a focus.
pecan pie is okay, but i don't like it. do you like any other types?
no..... not them, they would be in jail and killed for their crimes!
lol, zebras! i have never heard of zebras!
yeah it seems like a tough way to get away from work.
i am not a big fan of mosquitoes. there are more of them in the world now though than in any of the world
what about what country did you serve in?
that does sound like a lot of work and i would get nervous.
are you a steelers fan? i'm a big fan of the chicago bears.
not really, but people i know are in the same boat. i'm going to be a great basketball player someday and get paid like this.
i think there are far too many haters in this country. there are a lot of racists, but i think it's hard for me to live in a country with such a large population.
of course! do you listen to opera? i like all kind of music!
i make websites, mainly instagram and some other stuff
do you like to listen to music? i really love country music. i don't like country, but i enjoy some rock music
i hear you. i live in mexico and they are always getting stink here. do you know about showers in mexico?
how many muffins does a person need?
i am a translator. i work with the locals. they never want to open their doors or touch the air.
yes, that would be hilarious! that would be awesome to watch!
sure. it's my job to do things i think would work for anyone, whether it's a strip club, a city center, or a city bar.
well, it seems like she will be ok with that.
yea, and i wish we would do that because our grandma was raising me, and she has raised me very well too.
that would be nice! i'd love to adopt a dog. i've always wanted a cat! do you adopt?
haha i know that feeling. what do you do for fun?
i am scared that my kids are going to get hurt in some way
you can touch the ass by holding the keys. it is a bit personal though.
no i do not like rednecks. what about japanese? my house is in japan.
i think about the world we live in. we live in all of our own lives. the world will always be there for us.
oh wow, that must be very difficult for you. what do you do in your free time?
pickling is actually funny to me. i love watching people pickle.
not really. i am very smart. are you a woman?
oh i know, i'm very intelligent.
you are correct. it is a matter of personal preference.
but what is the point? the lie is not worth the trouble.
you know, i have never thought about drugs while driving.
i am a graphic designer
i love louis vuitton, who is your favorite musician?
i like to read too, but i have no hobbies
you seem to be a little sensitive. do you think your culture should get treated the same way as your nation?
that is interesting. my cousin is from mexico. do you have a favorite band?
i'm into photography, i still have a picture of my prom in my wallet
i agree with you.
yeah that's cool. you know what's cool? i smoke two packs of cigarettes a day. do you?
that sounds like a great plan. do you like rock music? i love rock music.
i would agree with that. i have 4 cats, they need to be treated properly!
that's one of my favorite movies. i've seen it once.
haha. yeah. i could do that. but i'd have to think about my four cats and their ability to see through the cameras.
i like to cook at home. i like to play catch up on tv.
you do a lot of stuff to help children
